# SimpleOAuth
## Usage
First, you must have a client id and secret. If you already have a client document in the database, you can use that id/secret. (Note, the database stores a hashed secret, not the actual secret.

If you do not have a client in the database, fill out the "Create Client" section and click the "Create Client" button. This will **not** create the client in the database. There is currently no api method for creating a client. Instead, it will give you commands to cut and paste into a mongo client.

Once you have a client id, proceed through the subsequent sections to simulate an authorization_code oauth2 process.

Most of the fields should autofill before you need them. Just click the buttons and check the results in the panel to the right.


## Sencha Boilerplate
This folder is primarily a container for the top-level pieces of the application.
While you can remove some files and folders that this application does not use,
be sure to read below before deciding what can be deleted and what needs to be
kept in source control.

The following files are all needed to build and load the application.

 - `"app.json"` - The application descriptor which controls how the application is
   built and loaded.
 - `"app.js"` - The file that launches the application. This is primarily used to
   launch an instance of the `MyApp.Application` class.
 - `"index.html"` - The default web page for this application. This can be customized
   in `"app.json"`.
 - `"build.xml"` - The entry point for Sencha Cmd to access the generated build
   script. This file is a place where you can hook into these processes and tune
   them. See the comments in that file for more information.
 - `".sencha"` - This (typically hidden) folder contains the generated build scripts
   and configuration files for the application. This folder is required in order to
   build the application but its content should not need to be edited in most cases.
   The content of this folder is updated by "sencha app upgrade".

These files can be ignored from source control as they are regenerated by the build
process.

 - `"build"` - This folder contain the output of the build. The generated CSS file,
   consolidated resources and concatenated JavaScript file are all stored in this
   folder.
 - `"bootstrap.*"` - These files are generated by the build and watch commands to
   enable the application to load in "development mode".

# Other Folders

## SimpleOAuth/app

This folder contains the JavaScript files for the application.

## SimpleOAuth/resources

This folder contains static resources (typically an `"images"` folder as well).

## SimpleOAuth/overrides

This folder contains override classes. All overrides in this folder will be
automatically included in application builds if the target class of the override
is loaded.

## SimpleOAuth/sass

This folder contains the styling for the application's views. See SimpleOAuth/sass/Readme.md
for details.
